it's, 1400 GMT that's 5:00 p.m. in
southern Gaza we start some breaking
news at least 21 Palestinians have been
killed in an Israeli air strike that
targeted an area of tents housing
displaced people in a la Moi area west
of Rafa in southern Gaza many of them
are women and children dozens have also
been
injured masasi is an area that Israel at
the end of last year had asked people to
move to and this is coming after the
killing of 45 people when Israel bombed
a tent camp on
Sunday meanwhile Israeli troops are
pushing further west into Rafa City
Israeli tanks the stationed west of the
city of Rafa and helicopters and drones
have also been reported in the area
close to the Philadelphia Corridor along
the border with Egypt in the past two
days Israel has repeatedly attacked the
region near t sulan one of the areas
Israel had designated as a so-called
safe
Zone joins us now from in central Gaza
bring us the situation and the scene
that's emerging after this latest attack
and Moi
hind well 21 Palestinians among them are
13 females were killed in a Target on
al- maasi area the Israeli forces
targeted another makeshift tent uh in
al- maasi area where most of uh the uh
people targeted were women and children
we're talking about dozens of
Palestinians also injured there has been
no hospitals in raah so all of uh the
injuries and and and and death people
were transferred to the international
medical corpse field Hospital IMC we saw
footage emerging online of women covered
with blood uh uh on the floor we saw
chaos in the IMC it's a field hospital
it doesn't have the capability to uh to
give medication to all of these injuries
and also not only that there are no
ambulances operating in RAF because it's
very dangerous and there is also lack of
fuel so putting that all together what
does this mean for people who get
injured
wounded in Israeli
strikes death Samy so you don't have uh
a car to transfer you from an area you
have been injured in to a hospital that
will give you medication and not only
that the hospitals are running out of
medical supplies in the past couple of
days when the Israeli forces Target a
makeshift tent most of the injuries were
burned and the hospital said that they
do not have any medical supplies to
treat all of these Burns um it's it's
very catastrophic and horrifying being
injured and not being able to get
transferred from a place to another just
because you're very low on fuel and for
more than 3 weeks now nothing entered
the Gaza Strip uh we're talking about
fuel medical supplies and a lot of
Necessities the Gaza Strip needs uh the
there are dozens of of injuries behind
me in this Hospital in Al AA hospital we
talk to them every single day and
they're telling us that they need
Medical Treatments abroad but since Rafa
has been closed for since ra the
Israel's operation no one has been
allowed to leave the Gaza Strip and to
get their treatment that's putting all
of these people in risk of death hind
masasi is an area where at the end of
last year Israelis had designated it as
a safe Zone as on December the 2nd they
had told people to head there how much
Clarity is there left for people in
figuring out where to go and where is
safe for
them okay Sammy let me tell you
something I went back just right now to
the last leaflet the Israelis uh dropped
on Rafa and the place that was targeted
right now was block
2360 in this leaflet the Israeli forces
mentioned that they're calling people to
uh evacuate to all the areas the
humanitarian areas uh to balun and alasi
area and one of these area that me was
mentioned is block
2,360 which has been targeted right now
so yes this place was designated as safe
this place was designated as a
humanitarian area according to the last
leaflet that was dropped by the Israeli
forces on people in RAF people in Gaza
have no place to go we have been seeing
people since the early hours of the
morning starting their new journey of
displacement but where should people go
everywhere is packed and everywhere is
full of tents Gaza is a very small area
and it's also a densely populated area
and now it's a densely all of these
empty lands are densely populated
makeshift
camps all right thanks so much H there
reporting to us in very difficult
conditions make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler